hey guys we ever wondered what you can
do with a used Pringles can well neither
did I until yesterday but hey guys
anyway who's your new year's resolution
to lose weight you can store snacks and
then empty Pringles can
oh you're let me just finish this kind
of Pringles up it's just gonna make me
fat - piranha snacks into the Pringles
cans this is meant to help you lose
weight
somehow eating all the Pringles and the
Pringles can to replace it with more
snacks
another amazing use of the Pringles can
it's Italian trap any pop cuz you know
we've all got thousands of pennies lying
around to fill an entire Pringles cheap
with being of sticky labels and you
write on them and big letters you have a
penny part yeh just genius right another
amazing thing you can make out of a
Pringles chew is a walkie-talkie cert
how fun is that
I mean how hip and trendy they the
moments use your knife or your pair of
scissors whichever you think will create
less blood now here comes the dangerous
bit had to gouge two hollows in the
bottom so you can connect them with
string now you need to make the string
wire make it pretty long so you can you
know be next door and talk to someone on
a walkie-talkie in a different City
yay you've got one end of your
walkie-talkie now you've got your other
end of the walkie-talkie now go and test
with your friends or yourselves to see
if they work they work amazing so what
have you got from today's lessons you
can make legs of pointless crap out of
fighting this crap you've got a penny
pot you've got a snack pot which would
apparently help you lose weight even
though you have to eat all the Pringles
first I won for the kids
you've got walkie-talkies
although